doc: Update old or broken links to the Atlas Admin API docs (#1413)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: CHANGELOG.md

- Add Troubleshooting.md to include issue with using `dynamic` in Terraform - INTMDB-855 [\#1240](https://github.com/mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas/pull/1240) ([maastha](https://github.com/maastha))

**Bug Fixes:**

> - Remove default value to [retainBackups parameter](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/reference/api-resources-spec/#tag/Multi-Cloud-Clusters/operation/deleteCluster) in `mongodbatlas_cluster` and `mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster` - INTMDB-932 [\#1314](https://github.com/mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas/pull/1314) ([andreaangiolillo](https://github.com/andreaangiolillo))

Reviewer: This link only goes to the top of the page (they changed it again for Clusters), think you want this one:
```suggestion
- Remove default value to [retainBackups parameter](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/reference/api-resources-spec/v2/#tag/Clusters/operation/deleteCluster) in `mongodbatlas_cluster` and `mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster` - INTMDB-932 [\#1314](https://github.com/mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas/pull/1314) ([andreaangiolillo](https://github.com/andreaangiolillo))
```
